Leocadia "Leia" Prieto

Quick Stats:
	Name: Leocadia "Leia" Prieto
	Meaning: Spanish for "Dark Light"
	Age: 21
	Gender: F
	Species: Human
	Semblance: Shadow-walking
	Weapon: Double-bladed Halberd/Crossbow
	Quote: "Some people's light only shines in the dark."
	Native Country: Vacuo
	Hobbies: Parkour, Shadow Puppets
	Alignment: Chaotic Good

Backstory:
	Childhood -
		Leocadia is the unintended child of Custodia and Mal Prieto. Her father is the kingpin of the Vacuo underground, having built it from the foundations his father left him. Against Leocadia's kind-hearted mother's wishes, Mal put her to work at a young age.
		She was taught how to pickpocket and would run around in one of her father's establishments, robbing people blind. Though Custodia could do nothing to stop Mal, she taught Leocadia her ideals, which was to do what was necessary for there to be a right choice.
	
	Teenage Years - 
		As Leocadia grew, so did her role in her father's business. Seeing her natural athleticism, Mal appointed her to be a courier. Seeing her natural athleticism, Mal appointed her to be a courier.
		A courier's job was simple, carry messages and packages from point A to point B. The issue with this is that she would often have to dodge rival gangs and peacekeepers.
		Leocadia began to grow distant from her mother, but never forgot that what she was doing wasn't always right.

	Adulthood/Current -
		With the great war in full swing, Leocadia is kept busy facilitating the transport of dust to her father's customers. Her mother left them and moved to Vale, wanting to find someone who actively fought for their beliefs, not passively profit in conflict.
		This has rattled Leocadia and has left her wondering what to do to be more active in her life.

	How They Discovered Their Semblance -
		It was supposed to be a normal run, carrying some letters to one of her father's remote locations.
		And while there wasn't any sensitive information in them, the rival gang whose territory Leocadia was crossing assumed her father would never send her on such a mundane mission. Not fearing an attack, Leocadia chose to go by street instead of rooftop.
		However, once she was in the market, she realized she was being tailed. Trying to lose them, Leocadia ducked into into an alley. As soon as she was out of sight, she began to run, taking turns in as random a pattern as possible so as to throw off any pursuit.
		Looking behind her, she saw the gang members slowly closing in on her. Leocadia saw the marketplace again and decided to try and make a distraction to get away.
		As she came closer, the sun glaring down the street, she formulated a path to an alley across the way. Right as she thought of beginning her path, though, everything went dark for a brief moment.
		When the light came back, Leocadia found herself in the alley she was going to end up in. Unable to take the time to process what just happened, she quickly ducked further into the alley before she was seen and went on with her delivery.

Personality:
	Strengths/Weaknesses -
		Leocadia is an analytical person, willing to do anything to achieve her ends. Because of this, she rarely hesitates and can seem rash for quickly jumping to violent conclusions.

	Fears -
		Leocadia's largest fear is being inactive. No matter what, she wants to be working towards something. Whether it's doing meaningless work or nothing at all, she fears that loss of meaning.
		She also has minor claustrophobia.

	Quirks -
		Due to her semblance, Leocadia finds a lot of joy materializing from the shadows to surprise people.

	Motivation -
		Leocadia is always out to further a cause however she can, whether she believes in it or not.

	Goals -
		Leocadia is seeking a purpose. She has helped further other's causes, but has yet to find her own cause.

	Likes/Dislikes -
		Leocadia enjoys open spaces and the feeling of wind through her hair. Though she doesn't like feeling trapped indoors, it always brings familiar smells that reminds her of her mother

Physical Attributes:
	Color Scheme -
		Leocadia wears primarily black, but has white detailing and dark purple highlights.

	Battle Wear -
		A black leather jacket with white lining and her emblem on the back in dark purple
		A black tank top with the words "The Shining Dark" on the front in white
		Black Jeans
		Shin-high, black, heeled, leather boots
		Dark purple nail polish, lipstick, and eye shadow
		Tries to keep her hair down, but puts it into a ponytail if necessary

	Casual Wear -
		Similar to combat
		Dependent on weather:
			Take off jacket
			Switch boots for a pair of black gladiator sandals
			On rare occasion wear shorts

	Formal Wear -
		Dancing at formal event:
			Black, sleeveless flamenco dress that starts to flare at the hips with elegant white, swirling details
			Deep purple shawl
			Black flats
			Slightly lighter purple lipstick and eye shadow
			White nail polish

		Attending a formal event:
			Black, sleeveless flamenco dress that starts to flare at the lower thighs with elegant white, swirling details
			Deep purple shawl
			Black heels
			Slightly lighter purple lipstick and eye shadow
			White nail polish
			Occasional silver or gold jewelry

	Physical health / Appearance - 
		Leocadia has a slim but athletic build with more lower body strength. She's fairly light, but definitely not a pushover in a fight. Her face has a slight point, but otherwise soft. Her eyes have an ever so slight narrowing oto them and has well kept eyeborws.
		Her nose is thin and a little longer than average while her kips have some fullness to them. Her raven black hair fallse, ruler straight, to her shoulder blades. She's about average in height, and though not flat-chested, it is certainly not her most prominent feature.

	Mental Health - 
		Leocadia won't hesitate. If she sees a solution with a high chance of success, she goes for it and disregards the cost. Though she seems rash because of this, she's actually quite rational in her decision making.
		However, she's been mentally  shaken ever since her mother left

	Emblem Description - 
		There will be one attached when I get the chance

Combat:
	Sembalnce -
		Leocadia's semblance is shadow-walking. She can meld into a shadow and reappear at another shadow within sight. The shadow must be larger than hers and envelop her copmletely. Overusage of this will make her dizzy.

	Weapon - 
		Leocadia's weaponis La Ballesta de Sombra (Spanish for The Crossbow of Shadow). It is a double-bladed halberd with rivets on the flats along with a notch and handle on the haft for it to double as a crossbow.

	Fighting Style - 
		Leocadia is quite the scrapper, despite the size of her weapon. She'll weave in and out of melee with her semblance to confuse her opponents.
